Setting Up the Boot Code:

The [BITS 16] directive indicates that the code is intended for 16-bit mode, which is typical for bootloader code.
The [ORG 0x7c00] directive tells the assembler that the code will be loaded starting at the memory address 0x7C00, the typical location for bootloaders in x86 architecture.
Starting the Program:

cli: Clears interrupts.
mov ax, 0x00 followed by several mov instructions: This sets the data segment (ds), extra segment (es), stack segment (ss), and initializes the stack pointer (sp) to 0x7C00, establishing a safe starting point for stack operations.
Loading the Message:

mov si, msg: Loads the address of the msg label into the si register. This is where the "Hello World!" message is stored.
Printing the Message:

The print loop uses lodsb to load a byte from the memory address pointed to by si into the al register.
cmp al, 0 checks if the end of the string (null-terminator) has been reached.
If not (je done), it sets up for a BIOS interrupt (int 0x10) to print the character in al using function 0x0E, which outputs a character to the screen.
End of the Program:

The done label handles cleanup before halting the CPU with hlt.

msg: dw "Hello World!", 0 
This line attempts to define the string "Hello World!" as a series of words (16 bits) rather than bytes.
The dw directive reserves space for a word (2 bytes) and tries to store the ASCII values of the characters in "Hello World!". Since each character is a byte, using dw is not appropriate here.
The string is terminated with a null byte (0) to indicate the end of the string, which is required for the print routine to know when to stop.

times 510 - ($ - $$) dw 0 
This line is used to fill the remaining space in the 512-byte boot sector with zeroes.
Explanation of Components:
($ - $$): This expression calculates the number of bytes used so far. $ represents the current location counter (the next address to write to), and $$ represents the start address of the current section (the start of the code). Therefore, ($ - $$) gives the total number of bytes used.
510 - ($ - $$): This subtracts the number of bytes used from 510 to determine how many more bytes need to be filled to reach 510 bytes.
dw 0: Each zero is defined as a word (2 bytes). However, since im filling space until 510 bytes, it should ideally be db 0 instead of dw 0.

dw 0xAA55  
This line defines the boot signature 0xAA55, which must be present at the end of the boot sector (the last two bytes).
The boot signature indicates to the BIOS that the bootloader is valid and can be executed.
Summary of Corrections
msg Definition: Change msg: dw "Hello World!", 0 to msg: db "Hello World!", 0 to define the string correctly as bytes.
Padding Line: Change the padding line from times 510 - ($ - $$) dw 0 to times 510 - ($ - $$) db 0 to correctly fill the remaining space with
